Add support for miniaudio options (#275)
uowuo/abaddon: CMakeLists.txt

    target_include_directories(abaddon PUBLIC ${MINIAUDIO_INCLUDE_DIR})
    target_compile_definitions(abaddon PRIVATE WITH_MINIAUDIO)

> 
>     set(MINIAUDIO_OPTIONS, "")
> 
>     foreach (MINIAUDIO_OPTION IN LISTS MINIAUDIO_OPTIONS)
>         target_compile_definitions(abaddon PRIVATE ${MINIAUDIO_OPTION})
>     endforeach()

Reviewer: ```suggestion

    set(MINIAUDIO_OPTIONS "" CACHE STRING "Compiler definitions for miniaudio")

    foreach (MINIAUDIO_OPTION IN LISTS MINIAUDIO_OPTIONS)
        set_property(
                SOURCE src/audio/ma_impl.cpp
                APPEND
                PROPERTY
                COMPILE_DEFINITIONS "${MINIAUDIO_OPTION}"
        )
    endforeach ()
```
